Linux commands used in this assignment:
pwd <- Check what is the current directory 
mkdir <- Create a directory
cd <- change the current directory to another director
ls <- list the files inside a directory
ls -ltr <- -l(list one file per line), -t(sort by modification time), r(reverse sorting order)
cd .. <- get out of one directory up
cat <- print the file to standard output
pico <- use to open the Pico text editor


Git commands used in this assignment:
git config -- global user.email <- to let git know who we are
git config -- global user.user <- to let git know who we are
git clone <- make a clone of the repo in a new directory 
git status <- to check the status of our local repository
git add <- adds a file or a group of files to the list of files to be updated in the next commit
git commit <- commits the changes (only in the files selected by git add)
git push <- push the committed changes in the local repository to the remote repository.


Read the syllabus and answer the following questions
i. List the rules for collaboration on homework assignments
Include the names of fellow students  with whom brainstormed as a separate document to be submitted with each assignment.
If we have not collaborated with anyone, this document should include the following statement:
    "I did not collaborate with anyone while working on this assignment"

ii. List the rules for consulting external references for homework assignments
Include the sources as a separate document to be submitted with each assignment.
If we have not consulted any external sources, this document should include the following statement:
    "I did not consult any sources other than the textbook while working on this assignment"

iii. What is the penalty for submitting late assignments?
Late assignments will be accepted; however, there will be a penalty of 10% per day for submitting late assignments.

iv. What is the penalty for missing classes? 
Student might lose paticipation points. And student would need to find out class activities and make up missed work. 
